Add pylint checker rule (#10)
theY4Kman/pytest-only: README.rst

    $ py.test --no-only --only

Pylint checker
--------------

> If you use pylint you can help avoid commiting stray mark.onlys. Enable the pylint checker in your plugins and enabled the `unexpected-focused` rule.

Reviewer: nit: spelling, wording
```suggestion
If you use pylint, you can help avoid committing stray `only` marks with the bundled plugin. Just enable the pylint checker in your plugins and enable the `unexpected-focused` rule.
```
